# PyBer_Analysis
## Overview
In this assignment we were tasked to look at data for a ride share company called PyBer. They presented us with city and ride data for their drivers to see how they fared in certain cities. We were tasked with combining the two files and then modifying them to pull out the results that were required. To show our results more clearly we were asked to create a line graph to compare the city types and how they fared versus each other.
## Results
The results to me weren't all that surprising. You would expect that since urban population is usually more than suburban and rural that they would have the advantage. Right off the bat we can see that the TOTAL RIDES for urban (1625) were far greater than suburban(625) and rural(125). By looking at those numbers you can conclude that the amount of drivers would have similar resemblance. The TOTAL DRIVERS for urban(2405) were greater than suburban(490) and rural(78). No surprise there since urban cities have a large population which means more job oppurtunity. The TOTAL FARES for urban($39854.38) was greater than suburban($19356.33) and rural($4327.93). Once again we see that urban is far greater than the other two. The AVERAGE FARE PER RIDE is where we see a shift. Urban($24.53), Suburban($30.97), and Rural($34.62) based off this data the place to go work would be in a rural areas since there is more money to be made per ride. This might be due to places being further away vs in an urban area places are closer so the charge would be less. The AVERAGE FARE PER DRIVER was Urban($16.57), Suburban($39.50), and Rural($55.49). Once again the drivers for rural areas made more money on average than urban and suburban areas. 
## Summary
After concluding our results we can see that there are many disparities amongst the city types. Some of those disparities our quick and easy fixes. For example if you'd like to increase the amount of total drivers in the suburban and rural areas all you have to do is create ads and incentive programs to get people to sign up. The amount of rides can also be effected by adding incentives to get people to use the app more. If there was a reward system for calculating points with distance and giving a free ride off that people would be more inclined to use the app more. The average fare in urban cities can be brought up by sponsoring events with certain companies that way the people coming to a city would use the PyBer ride services to move around in the city. These are just a couple of examples that can be used to decrease the disparities. 
